hey you guys I am coming to you today to
do a review on the new net Brazilian
keratin intensive hair mask now I think
I did or I vaguely did a review on this
product about two years ago this product
has been my go-to deep conditioner I
would say for about three years now this
has been my go-to deep conditioner a lot
of the times I may mix up the
conditioner but this has always been the
base okay
so um you saw in the previous clip that
it does have a very creamy consistency
and I'll show you it here it does have a
fragrance to it but it's not bad it's
not bad
this is seventeen point six ounces which
is a lot considering that like I said
this is a base for me and I like to mix
this a couple of other things
the Brazilian keratin intensive hair
masque as what's called green keratin
I'll be posting a little bit more below
in the description box but mostly you
know keratin is a protein and protein is
used to fill in any gaps or holes in
your cuticles of your hair so keratin is
great for here this is more of a
reconstructing or reconstructive deep
condition aid so um yeah you guys saw a
little bit more information is in
Spanish a lot of the new net products
will be in Spanish because they have
connections in South America I shouldn't
say that it makes it seem like they're
part of the drug cartel they have a
plant I'm assuming or a sister location
down in Brazil and of course their main
office is in Florida I believe Florida
you hear my accent Florida so anyway
y'all so yes I use this every two weeks
and I love love love so let's get into
some of the reasons why I love this
product
number one is because it is a
reconstructive hair mask and almost acts
as a treatment is full of keratin okay
it leaves my very thick hair soft and
manageable afterwards I use it every two
weeks like I said and I do add the
recipe can be different all the time
I like that is a lot I like that it's
affordable this is under $8 I purchased
it through amazon.com you can purchase
it at your local beauty supply store
sometimes CVS or Walgreens may carry it
also like I said I lose my hair very
very soft and that's because of the
keratin that's in it my hair feels how I
am consistently doing a deep conditioner
so yes if you're looking for a great
product for thick coarse wavy kinky
coily hair our highly recommend the new
net Brazilian Carrington
so some upcoming videos I'm very excited
about products very excited it's tax
refunds
you'll be purchasing some other items to
do reviews on some items that I've been
eyeing the oil Yan I did get a chance to
use the only on honey y'all that
honeydew is everything and I just don't
know why because I guess I'm trying to
use the products that I have so I never
really purchased that's why I will be
doing the honeydew review along with the
pom ammo do those two do those together
and for some reason I don't know why I
never purchased Camille Rose I've always
heard nothing but great things about the
product so I'm gonna go ahead and
purchase the Camille um as far as
hairstyles go I will be doing it three
strand twists I did try it out it took
forever to do but the results were
beautiful I'm gonna do these small perm
rods yes I'll probably do that it's a
little bit in the springtime okay so
that is it you guys thank you so much
for watching and thank you as always the
only subscribers bye